the sauce we're going to need four
tablespoons mayonnaise 4 tablespoons
of soup chest a tablespoon of
onion and crush Benilde is the same or
then you can roll two tablespoons of
Pickled pineapple or pickles
August saosin and two boiled cold eggs
cold right
salt and pepper to taste
to temper the first step is to wash
onion to take some of this acidity
this is the name she has to stay
more gentle, right?
we put some water
now it would be just a little bit to
be able to take s
This acidity she has is very strong.
a very strong taste some people do not
like but for those who do not want to put
This ball does not need to be now
let it drain while it goes
running we're getting the others
ingredients then we go here to snack
canned cucumber needs to be
applied fine is not too little
to become more tasty but also the
more beautiful
if you stay put into too much pieces
large it could be that it did not give our taste
eye that needs to stay and lies
now it needs to be finely chopped but
Unprocessed, you only stayed today.
gotta feel the pieces have to stay
more delicate it can not be too
coarse because it's an eye
made the chopped the pickles ten thousand
Wines too, they 're fine.
very small I need to ask two
tablespoons gave straight - laced but this
a little
so we're going to lay eggs here
You cut it half way down.
at the time of importing into strips
although you cut in half
ah ah ah ah and I'll put it here too
and I'll do the same with the thunder there
Now we put the onion to
mayonnaise and parsley is August and now
people was mixed and added all the
Ingredients
then you test if you think you're missing the
salt because the mayonnaise as it already has
salt is you put a little more
Careful, there you go if you want too.
you can put some pepper
Kingdom
It 's good for me, it says to care because
the already salty mayonnaise okay and so
was tartar sauce is what I did to
follow the ob fry they aim to just want
make steak I'll leave the link on the side
for those who want to follow and I hope
You liked it so much, thank you for
watch and until the next